https://gitlab.com/
https://github.com/
https://youtube.com/
https://animixplay.st/
https://mangakatana.com/
https://blackbox.ai/
https://chatgpt.com/
https://cineb.rs/
https://stackoverflow.com/
https://amritxyz.github.io/
https://lukesmith.xyz/
https://thorstenball.com/
https://suckless.org/
https://duckduckgo.com/
https://icon-sets.iconify.design/
https://roadmap.sh/
https://cpu.land/
https://www.youtube.com/@noob2dev966/videos noobtodev/openbsd
https://www.youtube.com/@MoreReneRebe/videos codetherapy
https://www.youtube.com/@LukeSmithxyz/videos lukesmith
https://www.youtube.com/@MentalOutlaw/videos mentaloutlaw
https://www.youtube.com/@brycevandegrift/videos bryce
https://www.youtube.com/@absoluteterrydavis/videos terrydavid
https://www.youtube.com/@letsgetrusty/videos rustyy
https://www.youtube.com/@TsodingDaily/videos tsodingdaily
https://www.youtube.com/@tokyospliff/videos tokyospliff
https://www.youtube.com/@BreadOnPenguins/videos breadonpenguins
https://www.youtube.com/@ponimecritics/videos anime
https://www.youtube.com/@animebench/videos anime
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PaPN51Mm5qQ coding_C_classic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LfaMVlDaQ24 coding_C
https://www.it.uc3m.es/pbasanta/asng/course_notes/ctut.pdf c_pdf
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BpPEoZW5IiY coding_rust
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=un6ZyFkqFKo coding_go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_uQrJ0TkZlc coding_py
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C1pjPv3WJyo wtf_cpp
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLbET-7keUM8qdq16cDrx-dw2SVXBLH4hk openbsd-talks-interviews
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL7CZ_Xc0qgmJFqNWEt4LIhAPTlT0sCW4C advance_C_Playlist
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL3GWPKM6L17H0RyU2o7p9gCnepjSTaHia low-level-playlist
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLhQjrBD2T381WAHyx1pq-sBfykqMBI7V4 cs50_playlist
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLai5B987bZ9CoVR-QEIN9foz4QCJ0H2Y8 rust_playlist
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLhixgUqwRTjxglIswKp9mpkfPNfHkzyeN live_overflow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkIvmfqX-t0 explains
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HAnw168huqA communication
https://www.gnu.org/software/libc/manual/html_node/
https://www.gnu.org/software/gnu-c-manual/gnu-c-manual.html
https://unibytes.xyz/ solutions_exam
https://hub.com/amritxyz
https://hub.com/amritxyz/arch-dwm
https://hub.com/amritxyz/archrice
https://hub.com/amritxyz/arch-install
https://hub.com/amritxyz/void-dwm
https://hub.com/amritxyz/voidrice
https://hub.com/amritxyz/void-install
https://hub.com/amritxyz/bsd-dwm
https://hub.com/amritxyz/bsdrice
https://hub.com/amritxyz/bsd-install
https://hub.com/amritxyz/hyprdots
https://hub.com/amritxyz/kickstart-nvim
https://hub.com/amritxyz/dev
https://hub.com/amritxyz/practice
https://gitlab.com/amritxyz/books
https://gitlab.com/amritxyz/music
https://gitlab.com/-/user_settings/personal_access_tokens
https://github.com/amritxyz/raw-site
https://github.com/amritxyz/amritxyz.github.io
https://goodroot.ca/
https://themes.gohugo.io/themes/hugo-classic/
https://themes.gohugo.io/themes/blowfish/
https://drive.proton.me/
https://mail.proton.me/
https://github.com/amritxyz/tokens/new
about:profiles
